♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall]"Pups Save a Train."
Stand back. Pups at work!
A few more scoops!
Rubble's almost done.
Then, you can play
in the sandbox all you want.
This should do it!
All done! Anything else?
Sandcastle!
Yeah, sandcastle!
Hmm, I'm not very good at sandcastles.
Aw!
But I could try something like…
this!
[boy] Whoa, your digger!
Thanks, Rubble!
Cool, let's play!
I want to be Rubble!
No, I want to be Rubble!
And you said
you weren't good at sandcastles.
That sand-bulldozer is amazing!
What can I say?
I'm a construction pup!
[whistle toots]
[meows]
[giggles]
You can't be hungry, Cali.
You already ate all your snacks.
Come sit with me.
-[meows]
-Uh-uh.
Grandma made these treats
specially for the PAW Patrol.
[gurgling]
You sure have a big appetite
for such a little kitten.
[crash]
Wow, you really are hungry!
[squeals]
[gasps]
[screeching]
Oh no!
Excuse me! What happened?
Rockslide on the tracks!
We're stuck on the bridge till they
can find someone who can clear it!
[meows]
-I know who can help!
-[beeping]
[beeping]
[ringing]
Hello, Ryder here!
Ryder, there's been a rockslide
at the old trestle bridge!
Hold on.
Let me look through the periscope.
Whoa!
Don't worry, Katie.
The PAW Patrol is on the way!
No job is too big. No pup is too small!
I got it! I got it!
-[barking]
-[laughing]
[Beeps]
-[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
-[all] Ryder's calling!
-[grunts]
-Ah!
That should not count as a goal.
Gonna be first! I'm gonna be first!|
I'm gonna be first!
[barking]
-Yay!
-[all barking]
Yeah!
I am first!
[all] Look out!
Whoa! [grunts]
[elevator dings]
Told you I'd be first!
[grunts]
[sighs] I never get to be first.
PAW Patrol, ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[Ryder] Okay, PAW Patrol!
There's been a rockslide
on the old trestle bridge.
Rocks have covered the tracks.
The train is trapped.
Ryder, there's been a rockslide
at the old trestle bridge.
[gasps] Katie's on that train!
Don't worry, Skye.
-We'll make sure she gets home safe.
-[beeps]
Rubble, I need you and your bulldozer
to scoop the boulders off the tracks.
Let's dig it!
Rocky, I need you and your truck
to haul the boulders away.
Green means go!
PAW Patrol is on a roll!
[barking]
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-Whee!
-[giggles]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
[barks] Whoo-hoo!
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rocky! ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
[tires squeal]
[horn honks]
Ryder and the PAW Patrol are here!
[bird squawking]
[gasps]
[meows]
Cali, where are you going?
[Cali snickers]
[grumbles]
The tracks are okay.
We just need to clear away the rocks fast
and get the train off the bridge.
Rubble on the double! [barks]
I'll check the damage to the bridge.
I don't know how long
it can hold the train.
[stomach growls]
Huh?
[grumbles]
Huh? [purrs]
[squeals]
[meows]
[groans]
[sighs]
[Ryder] Uh-oh!
Rocky, a support beam is cracked!
Hang on, Ryder!
I can't hear you!
Go ahead.
The trestle is cracked!
If it breaks, the train will fall.
We need something to support it.
Hmm, I've got it!
One of those logs by the road
should work great.
Rocky, can you bring one down?
I won't be able to!
My truck can't make it down there, Ryder.
Too steep!
We need an extra set of paws.
[beeps]
Chase, I need you and your truck
at the bridge as soon as possible!
Chase is on the case!
-[barking]
-Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
[barking]
[stomach growls]
Huh?
[meows]
[siren blaring]
Okay, Ryder, sir! What do you need?
We need your winch
to lower this log to the bridge.
We'll use it to hold up the broken beam.
Chase is on the case! [barks]
Perfect!
Let's go!
[barks]
Just a little lower.
[meows]
[Ryder] Okay, Chase, perfect!
Right there!
How's it look?
Looks great! That'll hold
until we get the train off the bridge.
All the rocks are cleared up here, Ryder!
Thanks, Rubble!
Katie, tell the engineer
that the tracks are clear.
Let's get this train off the bridge!
I will, Ryder, but I'm worried.
Worried?
Cali's missing!
[gasps]
Whoa!
[squeals]
Did you hear that?
It's Cali! Chase, can you--
Chase is on the case!
[whistle toots]
[Cali squeals]
Cali, am I glad to see you!
[meows]
Aw, Cali, it was… [sneezes]
…nothing.
[whistle toots]
[meows]
I knew Ryder and the PAW Patrol
could do it, but where's Cali?
-[meows]
-[chuckles]
Cali, you naughty kitten!
Thanks for saving her, Chase.
You're such a good pup!
You're… [sneezes] …welcome.
All in a police pup's day! [laughs]
-[barking]
-Awesome!
-Yes!
-We did it!
[howls]
Thanks, Ryder! Thanks, PAW Patrol!
You were awesome!
Whenever there's trouble,
just yelp for help!
-[stomach growls]
-Grandma sent treats!
[all cheering]
-Huh?
-Nice try.
[meows]
Huh?
Nice catch, Cali!
[Cali purring]
[sneezes]
After that rescue,
you really deserve playtime.
Good job, pups.
[barking]
-[sneezes]
-[all] Ow!
[all barking]
♪ You're all good pups ♪
♪ And we saved the day ♪
♪ And now it's time to play
Around Adventure Bay ♪
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-[meows]
[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
-Oh! Whoa!
-♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[grunts]
[sneezes]
[laughs]
[theme music playing]